Using the similarity and distance metrics you saw previously,
you'll now be able to identify similar users.
But we need to be able to use information about these users to make recommendations.
It can be a bit of an art mixed with
science to figure out how many users we'll want to get recommendations
from as well as identifying which and
how many items should be recommended from each of these users.
Let's bring back Sam again.
One way we could make recommendations for Sam is to take all of
the movies that the closest neighbors have seen and recommend these movies.
However, recommending all of these items without any sort of
filter will likely lead to recommending movies that Sam has already seen.
We would definitely want to make sure we remove
any items Sam has already viewed from our pile of recommendations.
Additionally, just because one of Sam's neighbors has
viewed a movie doesn't mean they actually liked it.
If Sam and his neighbor have similar tastes and Jessie didn't like a particular movie,
then Sam probably won't like it either.
If Jesse has a rating for all of these items she's viewed,
we might say we're only going to recommend items that she's rated positively.
Given that our data are on a 10-point scale,
we might only recommend movies to Sam that's rated at seven or higher.
Now that we've found the movies from the neighbors,
removed the movies Sam has already seen,
and removed the movies that were not rated highly,
we have our recommendations for Sam.
Let's take a closer look at implementing these techniques to make recommendations.